I always thought you were unmarried before,
If you are afraid of misunderstanding, you will not be able to do that.
Okay, so can you imagine it here now?
Then I'll think about it. Right.
Would you like to take a look at your outfits for the injury dinner next week?
You must help me. I really can't wear such a slippery green color to have a spiritual effect.
Plus dinner. Blue look.
I've asked people from the security department to hang it up.
That morning I monitored it and let someone else do it.
Dodge. Data gets reply,
I'll let the technical department try again.
Can let the security department do things for him,
He must be the top guy in the company.
Did he think you met Mr. Lu yesterday?
Did Mr. Lu sleep like the news?
What does Mr. Lu think of your design draft?
Mr. Lu is very popular
Tell everyone a good news
Zhang Qingqiao from our department has been selected
Emily's dress after taking office
Chief designer next week
Emily will come to our company to sign a contract